1. Wiki Tooling: 
	0. TypeScript (obviously)
	1. Vue.js (use SSG)
	2. GitHub Pages (hosting)
		1. PROVIDE link to it on 'npm'
		2. publish the docs PRIOR to the release of the actual 'npm' package!
	3. Styles: 
		1. Tailwind CSS
		2. for an example of how it should work/look like: 
			1. Chevrotain Docs website
			2. Vue.js wiki
		3. Use 2 themes (the default when entering the site is the system-wide default):
			1. dark
			2. light
	4. Use ADAPTIVE DESIGN: 
		1. in particular, must work on smartphones
		2. maximize reuse
	5. Ensure cross-browser availability (Google Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Edge)

2. JSDOC: 
	1. must be limited to references to the wiki AND file prefaces
	2. collect the '! pre-doc' notes to fill the more complex/detail-rich 
		parts of individual abstractions'/modules' documentation
	3. file prefaces must all have the simple format: 
		/**
		 * This file does XYZ...
		 */

		NO attribution, names, in these things, etc - NOTHING; 
	4. add jsdoc-links for EVERY: 
		1. public/protected/abstract method/property (provided said protected methods/properties are supposed to be overriden and the public methods - used); 
		2. class (private or public)
		3. interface (private or public)
		4. function (all public; some private - if they do something complex/need explanation); 

	5. NO DUPLICATION - *only* the references to the wiki are contained in the JSDOC. 
		Pros: 
			1. ensures freshness of documentation when the user accesses it (big one)
			2. halfs the efforts for writing/updating the documentation in terms 
				of locations to visit (medium one)
			3. enables one to see how the docs for a given function have/have-not changed 
				through wiki, and to set the said change in JSDOC via a reference to a 
				differently versioned wiki page for the said function (big one)
				1. TODO: also - one *DOESN'T HAVE TO* add a new version of docs for *every* 
					version of a given component - if there has been no update since the last 
						version, it's still the latest, and THEREFORE, the most recent; 
			4. enables providing better layout for large bodies of documentation, 
				while preventing the mangling of said layouts in jsdoc (big one)

		Cons: 
			1. requires internet connection (small one, since using npm registry does as well)
			2. requires clicking a URL (very small one)
			3. slower in terms of speed, due to lack of ability to employ Vim/etc for quick 
				in-editor traversal of the documentation text (small one, affects only a small 
				portion of users and is tolerable)
	
3. Sections (Navbar-Pages) of the Wiki: 
	1. Home
		1. Contains the "advertisment" of the library, so to speak
		2. Contains the npm installation instructions
		3. Key distinguishing features list
	2. Reference (API - highly detailed and nuanced): 
		1. classes
		2. interfaces
		3. functions/utils
		4. modules (and module structure of the project)
	3. Learning:
		1. Basic Guides (simple expalanations with usage + links to respective References pages)
		2. "How-To"s for complex cases
		3. Terminology pages: 
			Originally intended to be part of v0.3, these have gotten way out of 
				hand, and no longer feasible without some considerable effort (for which there really isn't much time...); 
		4. Samples page: 
			This is a Guide to the `samples` submodule. 
			Will list the "out-of-the-box" cases for usage 
				and link to respective `samples` module 
					exported definitions. 
		5. Add a guide on creation of Fault-Tolerant parsers (which classes to extend, 
			which patterns/abstractions to use, ErrorStream, PanicStream, etc); 
		
		6. A (simple) JSON parser [using 'DynamicParser' - non-self-modifying]: 
			Reasons: 
				1. simple to implement
				2. simple to test
				3. can unify the code
				4. not really useful (as builtin JSON.parse exists; e.g. no reason to refactor to another repo, besides tidyness...)

	4. Examples:
		1. A minimal usage example for EVERY public method of EVERY public class
		2. Links to GitHub for TESTS and DEMOS (including Web Demos) using said abstractions
	5. Benchmarks: 
		1. A list of various kinds of benchmarks for the library 
			(among others - comparison against Chevrotain/Ohm/etc in speed)
	6. GitHub: 
		1. the URL to the project repository on GitHub
		2. make it shaped like a clickable GitHub SVG icon

4. [to Learning] Add a diagram of relations of various `IStream` traits present within the library. 
		Will prove useful to the user when trying to identify at which point in the progrm to inherit. 
	
5. [to Learning] Add a page on the Library's notion of "mixins" (later to be moved to separate 'mixins.js'
	package)

6. [Home] TODO: ADD TO DOCUMENTATION/GitHub Description [a crucial notice]
	The library is intended for PREDICTIVE RECURSIVE-DESCENT PARSERS ONLY (meaning: 
	no backtracking). It is only intended for making of Predictive Recursive-Descent 
	parsers, which can ONLY handle Context-Free Grammars. 

	Note also that the library is intended for creation of Stream-based Validators. 

7. [Home] Reasons to use parsers.js (Key Features): 
	1. Self-Modifying parsers
	2. High-quality Error-Handling
	3. Ease of Development (parsers Filter-Pipes-like architecture implies strong SRP adherence)
	4. High Testability (again, consequence of the architecture employed)
	5. Ability to create highly extensible parsers (your future JS parser, for instance...)
	6. Supprt for both server-side (Node) and front-end (Web) environments
	7. High customizability 
	8. TypeScript Support
	9. Object Pooling Support (note: ONLY if it's actually doing something, otherwise strike this down from the list)
		Alternative phrasing (if true): 
			Allows for handling high load of data cheaply, i.e. Memory-Efficient. 
	10. Easy Validation-during-Parsing support
	11. High functionality reuse (i.e. less boilerplate)
	12. Support tree-conversion to JSON and XML
	13. Its own native Unicode-aware Regex Engine